Main:

Welcome to Groundswell

What is surf paradise? Is it a place? A state of mind? What does surf paradise mean to you? Groundswell is
all about finding that place. Whether it's checking out the latest gear, immersing yourself in the surfing
lifestyle, or watching some of the sickest video this side of the pipeline, we've got you covered. 

On our site you'll find:

    The latest gear
    Surfing journals
    Surfing photos
    Competition videos
    Surf condition reports
    ... and much more!

So take off your sandals and wax your board up... you're here.

Latest News
Simon Craven wins the Maui invitational.

Late July saw some of the best surfing the world has ever seen. The water temperature and currents brought
perfect conditions for the Maui Invitational and the field wasted no time in shredding last year's scores. When
the dust settled Simon Craven won his first ever Maui title. Fresh off his win in Australia, it looks like
Simon's a name we'll be hearing a lot of in the future!

Velosurty releases new board

Up and coming surf shop Velosurty released a their new long board last month. &ldquo;Keerang!&rdquo; echo's the
super-hero theme of their last long board, &ldquo;Bang-Pow!&rdquo; Artist Kelly Crandle supplies the look and
feel. This board guarantees a smooth ride and eye-catching looks. In stores next month. While you're at it,
check out our
new boards -- link: gear.html
as well!

Like the new look?

You may have noticed things look a little different here at Groundswell! We'll we decided it was time for a
change and wanted a fresher look. Thanks to the awesome web techniques we learned from
lynda.com -- link: http://www.lynda.com
we were able to completely redesign the site. If you are interested in web design at all you should probably
check them out -- link: http://www.lynda.com
as well!

Sidebar:

image: surf1.jpg  200 x 160
This month's surfer's journal

Josh Cambria pens this month's surfer journal. Check out his month-long surfing experience as he surfs up the
coast from San Diego up to Ventura. Along the way he meets several celebrities and finds a new favorite board.
check it out. -- link: lifestyle.html

image: fearless_small.jpg 200 x 68
Check out our new board

Looking for a hot new board? Check out our new
<a href="gear/boards.htm">Fearless</a>
board from legendary shaper Carl Benson.

image: ventura_01_thumb.jpg 200 x 160
Photos anyone?

Care to check out this month's featured photo gallery? Todd Crampton almost gets run over by wind surfers
in Ventura and we are there!
You know you want to watch! -- link: videos.html

